queues_stats_summary.queue = Queue
queues_stats_summary.strategy = Strategy
queues_stats_summary.members_logged_in = LoggedIn Members
queues_stats_summary.members_available = Available Members
queues_stats_summary.queued_calls = Queued Calls
queues_stats_summary.completed_calls = Completed Calls
queues_stats_summary.abandoned_calls = Abandoned Calls
queues_stats_summary.services_level = Service Level
queues_stats_summary.holdtime = Hold Time
queues_stats_summary.talktime = Talk Time
queues_stats_summary.longest_hold_time = Longest Hold Time
queues_stats_summary.legend = Select the Queues
widgets.queues_stats_summary = Queues Stats Summary
queues_stats_summary.ringall = Ring All
queues_stats_summary.leastrecent = Last Recent
queues_stats_summary.fewestcalls = Fewest Calls
queues_stats_summary.random = Random
queues_stats_summary.rrmemory = Round Robin Memory
queues_stats_summary.rrordered = Round Robin Ordered
queues_stats_summary.linear = Linear
queues_stats_summary.wrandom = Weight Random