queues_stats_summary.queue = Fronta
queues_stats_summary.strategy = Strategie
queues_stats_summary.members_logged_in = Přihlášení členové
queues_stats_summary.members_available = Dostupní členové
queues_stats_summary.queued_calls = Fronta hovorů
queues_stats_summary.completed_calls = Dokončené hovory
queues_stats_summary.abandoned_calls = Opuštěné hovory
queues_stats_summary.services_level = Úroveň služeb
queues_stats_summary.holdtime = Doba přidržení
queues_stats_summary.talktime = Doba hovoru
queues_stats_summary.longest_hold_time = Nejdelší doba přidržení
queues_stats_summary.legend = Vyberte fronty
widgets.queues_stats_summary = Souhrn statistik front
queues_stats_summary.ringall = Zazvonit všem
queues_stats_summary.leastrecent = Poslední nedávná
queues_stats_summary.fewestcalls = Nejmenší počet hovorů
queues_stats_summary.random = Náhodně
queues_stats_summary.rrmemory = Round Robin Paměť
queues_stats_summary.rrordered = Round Robin v pořadí
queues_stats_summary.linear = Lineární
queues_stats_summary.wrandom = Váhovaná náhodně